In the time that I've been here there are more houses in the village. The village was smaller then
and it was more attractive in some ways. You have much more of the feeling of the estate village
which, where we all three of us live, is a manifestation of the estate
one way or another and the houses in the centre, the very centre of the village, the Indian
cross-pottage, down to home farm are all part of that entity. It's interesting if you look at the
historic environment, virtually everything in the centre of the village, including the petrol pump
phone box are listed buildings. The Abbey is obviously a scheduled area in Cadbury.
Also we were talking about changes in the village and that was one of the, was a big change when we
suddenly find that we were going down the Abbey Road and we met a large coach coming up
full of tourists. But it was a new dimension and you find them around the village, they go into
the church, they go into the church, they put some money in the box which is always quite useful,
and put money in the box for the pamphlets, the Abbey Trust as well,
and yes, there's something else, I must give you the information...